Added Akka Projection intro video (#745)
akka/akka.io: blog/_posts/2020-09-10-akka-projection-intro-video.md

---
layout: post
title: Introduction to Akka Projections
author: Renato Cavalcanti
short: This video introduces Akka Projections, a new Akka module to process a stream of events or records from a source to a projected model or external system.
category: news
tags: [videos]
youtubeId: 0toyKxomdwo
---

{% include youtubePlayer.html id=page.youtubeId %}

> This video introduces [Akka Projections](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-projection/current/), a new Akka module to process a stream of events or records from a source to a projected model or external system. For example, it can be used to generate the read-side models in CQRS applications, publish data to messages broker or to other systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This video introduces [Akka Projections](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-projection/current/), a new Akka module to process a stream of events or records from a source to a projected model or external system. For example, it can be used to generate the read-side models in CQRS applications, publish data to message brokers or to other systems.
```

Author: Oh, good catch

> This video builds on top of the existing videos:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This video continues the series on Event Sourcing and CQRS:
```
